plugins.paths:
    - plugins
ext.zflash.enabled: false
ext.telnet.enabled: false
ext.powerswitch.enabled: false
ext.powerswitchcc.enabled: false
ext.gude.enabled: false
ext.zacthrift.enabled: false
ext.zacthriftcc.enabled: false
ext.zserial.enabled: false
ext.connectioncheck.enabled: false
ext.stbrecover.enabled: false
ext.sutevents.enabled: false
ext.zserialcc.enabled: false
ext.telnetcc.enabled: false
ext.sut.enabled: false
ext.gtestrunner.enabled: false
ext.monitor.enabled: false
ext.linuxmonitor.enabled: false
ext.rcu.enabled: false
ext.iprcu.enabled: false
ext.iprcucc.enabled: false
ext.multirunner.enabled: false

ext.hostshellexec.enabled: true
host.shell.exec.enabled: true
logdefaults.enabled: true

log.info: [k2.extension.zk2component]
